The function of src code is mainly divided into 5 parts, ANDMain, APKprocess, features, structure and TTPprocess.

# ANDMain.java
The main class of the project. The function of 'parseAPK' is the core module to parse an APK. Firstly, the input APK is decompiled by Apktool. The resource features and host package of the decompiled APK are given by `resProcess.parseRes(AM_path, pub_path, output_path)`. Then we input the host package to decoupling module and discern app encryption. If the app is unencrypted, all of the classes will be partitioned to different sub-modules through Louvain. Recognize the Ad Networks behaviour of every sub-module by three XGboost models in function 'getCandiAN' and generate the candidate of sub-modules which act like Ad Networks. The class and structure features of candidate will be matched with every ad lib in database and the most similar ad lib will be picked as the detection result. If the app is encrypted, the resource features will be used to detect ad libs by `mr.compMaxMatch(thresh, pc)`.

# APKprocess
## APK2dir.java
This module calls the main function in Apktool and parses the original APK to resource files and smali files.
## MatchbyRes.java
This module matches the advertising libs by resource features. The core function is 'compSim' witch computes the resource features' similarity between the APK and every ad lib in database. The similarity of F1 is given by function 'fullDomain' which is related to **global search** in Section 3.5. The similarity of stable features F2-4 and image names is given by funtion 'fullMatch' which is related to **full-path method**. The similarity of variable features F5-7 is given by function 'weightEdit' which is also related to **full-path method**. The similarity of F8-11 is given by function 'ignorePath' which is related to **no-path method**. Finally, the features are divided into strong association features (F1, and F5-7) and weak association features (F2-4, F8-11, and image names) and used to compute the final similarity score between APK and an ad lib via a process of weighted summation and normalization.
## MatchbySC.java
This module matched the class and structure features between APK and an ad lib using Smith-Waterman algorithm. According to the similarity between the features, this class gives the result of whether the sub-module comes from the certain ad lib.
## MDecouple.java
This module discerns the app encryption and partitions the whole code to sub-modules by Louvain accroding to the call and inheritance relationship. Then the bottom-up merging algorithm is used in function 'mergeComm' to merge nodes from the same community.
## ResProcess.java
This module extracts F1-11 and image names from the resource files in an APK. F1-7 are extracted from AndroidManifest.xml while F8-11 are extracted from values.xml. The image names are collected in assets and res directory.

# features
## JARnames.java
This module reads 'AD_Network_info.csv' in resources. This file provides the name of ad networks.
## ResSetsAndPool.java
This module reads 'res_feature_sets.csv' and 'res_pic_pool.csv' from resources. The two files provide the resource features of ad libs.
## SmithWaterman.java
This module provides the Smith-Waterman algorithm which compares the similarity between two string sequences from class profiles of sub-module and an ad lib.
## StringAndAPI.java
This module reads 'final_string_features.csv' and 'final_API_features.csv' from resources. The former provides the key words about advertising networks and the latter provides system APIs to recognize the potential AN behavior.

# structure
## Edge.java & Twig.java
These modules provide the structures of Edge and Twig to generate class profile mentioned in section 3.3.
## Graph.java
This structure presents community network in Louvain algorithm.
## Module.java
This structure presents sub-module decoupled and generated by class 'MDecouple'.
## PackagePoint.java & Smali
These two structures present the package hierarchy and class features generated by every smali file. The latter contains field and method features to construct class profile.

# TTPprocess
## SCprocess.java
This module generate the API features of every sub-module. These features will be transferred to Xgboost models to judge the AN behavior.
## SerialObj.java
This module reads ser files in resources. These files contain the class profile of every ad lib in database.
## XGBoost
This module reads three Xgboost generated by python script 'algorithm.py' in the directory of **Xgboost**. These Xgboost models are used to judge the AN behavior of every sub-module.
